I was literally forced to find out ways
to make this land work which is now
called sustainable sustainable ways it
turns out that for thousands of years
spiritual masters have been telling us
that the ultimate ecstasy is in here
what is a wild spiritual musician like
me doing building temples billing afar
sustainability does have a lot to do
constantly loving me
it almost forces you to it makes you
into an attitude
when khatir and I got this land it was
all chuckle it was all just weed
and for almost eight years I just had a
peel piece of channel I knew you'd it I
made a pact with the earth I say I'm
gonna get everything what I can give to
you so that later you can give back to
me and you have a sense of well-being
and the sense of contributing to that
need our earth hands right now we all
need to walk that path to understand
this is not the time read anymore this
is not the time of justice this is the
time of giving and as you gift
that consciousness who wakes
recycle and you have to do that when you
have to set off your carbon footprint
justice you want to take care the mother
of the environment that you know we're
taking care you taking care of yourself
as well because it is no separation